Infix expressions:
```
A + B
A * B + C
A + B * C
```

Postfix expressions:
```
A B +
A B * C +
A B C * +
```

### Converting Infix -> Postfix
1. Initialize empty stack and an empty string for the postfix expression
2. Scan th infix expression from LTR
3. If the scanned character is an operand (Number or variable), append it to the postfix string
4. If the scanned character is an open parenthesis '(', push it onto the stack
5. If the scanned character is an operand (`+, -, *, /`) do the following:
   1. While the stack is not empty and the top of the stack is an operator with higher or equal precedence to the current operator, pop operators from the stack and append them to the postfix string
   2. Push the current operator onto the stack
6. If the scanned character is a close parenthesis ')', do the following
   1. Pop operators from the stack and append them to the postfix string until an open parenthesis is encountered (Discard the open parenthesis)
7. Repeat 3-6 until all characters are scanned
8. Pop any remaining operators form stack and append them to the postfix string
9. The resulting string in the postfix notation is the desired output

### Evaluate Postfix
1. Initialize an empty stack.
2. Scan the postfix expression from left to right.
3. If the scanned character is an operand, push it onto the stack.
4. If the scanned character is an operator (`+, -, *, /`), do the following:
   1. Pop the top two elements from the stack.
   2. Perform the operation on the popped elements.
   3. Push the result back onto the stack.
5. Repeat steps 2-4 until the end of the postfix expression.
6. The final value left on the stack is the result of the expression. 
